[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai!
A mysterious monster from the
future has come to the present
and after four years
of living in secrecy
has finally made
itself known...
In light of this terrible
new threat, Kami and Piccolo
agree to merge
combining to form
a Namekian super
warrior like no other.
Armed with this
imposing strength
the renewed Piccolo
descends upon Ginger Town
to confront the creature
now terrorizing it.
[STRONG WIND BLOWS]
It took you long
enough, you monster.
[PICCOLO GASPS]
That power...! Why does it
feel like it's coming from...
No, it can't be! This...
This doesn't make any sense!
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
Looks like your dad's
taking a turn for the
better, doesn't it?
Yeah, you're right, Mom.
I can tell.
[GOKU GROANS]
Goku! You're awake!
Hey! Dad!
[GOKU SNORES]
Huh?
Annnnd,
he's out again.
But he'll be waking up
any time now, right?
With any luck.
Then I'm gonna go tell
Oolong and the others
the good news!
Hey! You, with the big
pointy ears...! Help me!
Do something...!
I'm in trouble here!
Hey! I'm begging ya!
C'mon, man!
Oh, you wanna play
hardball?! I see how it is!
Look, I'm the richest
guy in Gingertown!
All the money you
could ask for!
Just get me away from
this thing! Come on!
Come on! Rescue me!
What's the hold up?!
I don't know if you can
understand a word I'm saying...
but let that human go free.
However measly,
his life has value.
Took you long enough pal!
Anyways thanks for putting
in a good word for me.
Now let's get
outta here, yeah?!
[WEALTHY MAN YELLS]
[CELL]
I will absorb you next.
Submit, Piccolo.
What the...?!
What is this thing?!
[ROAD CRACKS]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[GOHAN, KRILLIN,
YAMCHA, AND ROSHI GASP]
That... energy...!
[RUMBLING]
What kind of a
creature are you?
And how do you know
to call me Piccolo?!
Should I not know...
my brother?
[CELL SCREAMS]
I've never even felt
anything close to this!
It's Frieza's power...
...and his
dad's power, and more!
Yes... Quite
the combination!
Like Piccolo... and
Frieza and his father...
...and even my own Dad!
Some how it feels like
all their energies
are radiating
from a single point.
Wait... No...
It can't be possible!
They can't be back!
Yeah...!
I'm sensing 'em, too!
Strange... Can it
really be them?
I thought Frieza and
his dad were long gone,
thanks to Trunks.
It's... coming from
the direction of...!
Yeah, you're right!
It feels
like it's coming
straight from the
direction of Gingertown!
[GOHAN, YAMCHA, KRILLIN GASP]
You boys... feel that?!
Was that...
Goku's energy?!
No, he's here, you guys.
He's still sleeping!
[KRILLIN, ROSHI, AND YAMCHA]
Huh?
There, in section 1051 west.
Not far from where we found
that eggshell and exoskeleton.
It's gotta be related!
Now... you tell me what
kind of creature you are!
Make it quick!
Talk, or else!
[CELL]
You don't need to know.
I try to make a habit
of not talking to my food.
Tell me... I'm not
gonna ask you again.
Really?
[PICCOLO LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
I typically like to know
who I've defeated,
but I guess for you I'll
make an exception.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL] The terrible
Piccolo intends to beat me?
Not likely.
[PICCOLO]
I don't know how or where you
encountered the name of Piccolo.
But...
[PICCOLO YELLS]
...unfortunately for you...
...I'm not him!
What?!
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
You are not him?
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
Alright I'll play along,
if you're not Piccolo,
who are you?!
Wouldn't you like to know?
Listen, Trunks...
You may be a Saiyan...
but we don't know anything
about this monster.
I couldn't let you fly away
and face it by yourself.
Just now, there was a power
surge in Gingertown...
That creature isn't the
only thing waiting for us.
Yeah, you're right.
I sense it too.
Well... no one ever
said it would be easy.
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Hold on! That's Piccolo!
But, that power... it's off
the charts compared to
anything I've sense
from Piccolo before.
You bet it is!
So those two
really did merge!
[TRUNKS]
Wait you mean Piccolo
and Kami, right?
So you're saying
they've recombined
into one person, just
like they use to be?
[KRILLIN]
You got it!
And since Piccolo was crazy
strong to begin with...!
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Man... soak it up.
That's the power of
a Super Namekian!
It's... amazing!
Could merging could have
made him that much stronger?!
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
Maybe I should thank
you for clearing out
all the humans here,
whatever you are.
That'll makes it easier for
me to do what I need to do.
To do what?
Explain yourself, Namekian.
Now I'm free to
give it everything I got.
What?!
[PICCOLO GRUNTING]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[TRUNKS GASPS]
Whoa!
That shockwave just now...
[KRILLIN] Yeah... courtesy of
the new and improved Piccolo.
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[17]
That's weird.
I felt a change in the
atmospheric pressure.
What about you?
[18]
Yeah.
I wonder what gives? Did
a volcano erupt, maybe?
Well, whatever happened,
it happened far away.
[16]
West city.
The outskirts.
Sorry, what 16...?
[16]
Two powerful organics
are engaged in combat.
[17]
Wait. You're equipped
with a power radar?
Why'd you never
mention it before?
Because you never inquired.
Fair enough...
Okay, then... how about
you put that technology
through its paces and
tell us who's fighting?
[16]
Combatants unknown.
Neither one appears
in my database.
But according
to my sensors,
one of them has power roughly
equivalent to your own.
To ours?
Sounds like ol' Gero botched
the wiring on another one.
That power radar of
yours is malfunctioning, pal.
No one on the planet
is as strong as I am.
Eighteen and I would
defeat them easily.
That's crazy talk.
Back in the van, Sixteen...
[RUMBLING]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO GASPS]
[CELL YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
That was my...
[CELL YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
Is that the best you got?
My senses told me you were
a much bigger deal than this.
Are you holding
back or something?
[CELL LAUGHS]
You are a formidable opponent.
Never mind how
easily I'd be able
to crush you once my form
has been perfected.
Huh...? Perfected how...?!
Wait... So is that...
That's the reason
why you absorbed
all of those people
in Gingertown?!
Yeeesss... I take their
bio-energy for my own.
[PICCOLO SEETHING]
Tell me, beast...! Who's
idea was it to send a thing
like you back to our time
in the first place?!
Let me guess, another
of your disgusting kind...?!
I am the one
who sent me back.
That puny time machine
you mentioned
was too small for this
body, so I was forced
to revert back to my egg
form in order to travel.
I find it surprising you
were able to deduce
how I arrived here
so easily. That said...
I am sure you don't...
know about this.
[PICCOLO GASPS]
[PICCOLO THINKING]
That stance! Is that...?!
[TRUNKS GASPS]
What...?! It can't be...!
It doesn't make any sense!
Dad's energy...
That's... impossible!
[CELL LAUGHS]
Ka...
Me...
Ha...
[CELL LAUGHS]
This... isn't happening!
Haaaaaaa!
[PICCOLO THINKING]
It's real!
[EXPLOSION]
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
And now the feast!
I can extract the
bio-energy from any point.
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
[MISTER POPO GASPS]
Kami's in danger!
[PICCOLO GRUNTING]
[PICCOLO PANTING]
[BEEPING]
Well, Sixteen,
share with the class.
I am picking up a change in
one of those signatures.
The battle appears to be
reaching a conclusion.
The battle? Oh, you mean
with that guy who you said
who was as
strong as us?
Correct.
[17] Are you still
going on about that?
Your sensors are on
the fritz, Sixteen.
Just accept it already.
There's nobody on this
planet who could
keep up with us in
a fight. End of story.
Don't make me
repeat myself.
[STRONG WIND BLOWS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
You may have managed to
slip away for the moment,
but without
the use of your arm
I'd say the tables have
turned on you, Namekian.
Yes, they have...
Can't keep my balance
in a battle-stance...
Not after what you
just did to me...
There's no chance of my
beating you, I know that.
[CELL]
You know that your
fate is sealed...
But I can still offer
you some consolation.
You are full of such power,
such delicious strength,
absorbing your bio-energy
will bring me so close
to my perfect form
that you'll practically
fuel my evolution...
Isn't that nice?
[PICCOLO]
Before you add me to
your collection...
you are at least
going to tell me this!
What sort of
abomination are you?!
You've got Goku's,
and Frieza's...
all of our energies...
Even the Kamehame-Ha...!
Oh, very well... I will
tell you, before I feed.
I am Cell... and
I am an android.
What?!
Not another one!
[NARRATOR]
Is this Cell creature
really what he claims to be?
♪ closing song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Whoa! So this green guy
is an android, too?!
[CELL]
That's right! I have
come from the future,
to attain my perfect form,
and gain power
beyond imagination!
[PICCOLO]
Forget it, Cell!
We're not going to let you
evolve into something worse!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z
Kai!
[CELL]
You are nothing but food!
None of you will
stand in my way!